# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
The main goal of this project was to build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn Logistic Regression model to solve a classification problem. Hyperdrive was used to optimize the model. This is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

This is a fork of the project in Udacity containing starter files and a submission template. A similar template is used for the final project in the Udacity's Azure Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree program.

## Summary
We used a provided Logistic Regression model and the data related with direct marketing campaigns (phone calls) of a Portuguese banking institution to predict whether or not the client will agree to a bank term deposit. The model was optimized with HyperDrive, reaching a accuracy rate of ~ 90%.

In the Azure AutoML, the best performing model was a VotingEnsemble with 91.69% of accuracy, higher than of the HyperDrive model.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
* The preprocessing steps were already provided in the training script named train.py, which includes helper functions used in the Jupyter Notebook file.
* The TabularDatasetFactory method was used to create a tabular dataset for Azure Machine Learning.
* SKLearn estimator was used to setup a training run.
* 'Accuracy' is the metric used for the random hyperparameter tuning with HyperDrive, and Bandit Policy was used for early termination.

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
